chore: update readme (#1353)
aneoconsulting/ArmoniK.Admin.GUI: README.md

> # Armonik Admin GUI ![Lastest version](https://img.shields.io/github/v/tag/aneoconsulting/armonik.admin.gui)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Armonik Admin GUI ![Latest version](https://img.shields.io/github/v/tag/aneoconsulting/armonik.admin.gui)
```

This project is part of the [Armonik](https://github.com/aneoconsulting/ArmoniK) project. Please check its repository for more information.

> The Armonik Admin GUI aims to provide an easy way to observe and interact with the data of an Armonik deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ArmoniK Admin GUI aims to provide an easy way to observe and interact with the data of an ArmoniK deployment.
```

## Docker Image

> The application is designed to run in an ArmoniK cluster. But you can deploy the application with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application is designed to run in an ArmoniK cluster, but you can deploy it with the following command:
```

```sh
docker run -dit -p 80:1080 --name armonik-admin-app dockerhubaneo/armonik_admin_app
```

The application will then be available at https://localhost:8080/admin/en/. 

> ℹ️ Starting armonik GUI 0.15, the application will be able to switch between one armonik deployment to another.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ℹ️ Starting with ArmoniK GUI 0.15, the application supports switching between one armonik deployment to another.  
```

## Development

### Material Angular

> This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 16.0.0. Its uses [Material 3 components](https://material.angular.dev/) in most of the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 16.0.0. It uses [Material 3 components](https://material.angular.dev/) in most of the code.
```

You can check both angular and angular material versions in the [package.json](./package.json) file.

### Environment

> You will need to install [Node](https://nodejs.org) on your local development environment. We recommand you installing via [Node Version Manager (nvm)](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to install [Node](https://nodejs.org) on your local development environment. We recommend installing it using [Node Version Manager (nvm)](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm).
```

The application will be available on `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

### Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

### Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

### Running unit tests

> Run `pnpm test` or `npx jest` to execute the unit tests via [Jest](https://jestjs.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `pnpm test` or `npx jest` to execute the unit tests using [Jest](https://jestjs.io/).
```

If you want to see the coverage, you can run `pnpm test-coverage`

### Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

### Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

## Contributing

> ### Conventionnal pull request commit rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Conventional pull request commit rules
```

It is important to note that this repository [ArmoniK Admin GUI](https://github.com/aneoconsulting/ArmoniK.Admin.GUI)
adheres to semantic releases. Familiarity with conventional commit rules is imperative and make it easier to
find and understand commits of the main branch. In addition, failure to follow the conventional commit guidelines may result
in rejection of the pull requests.

Conventional Commits rules is a convention for structuring pull request commit messages to describe changes. A pull request

> message format must be as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conventional Commits rules is a convention for structuring pull request commit messages to describe changes. A pull request's commit message format must be as follows:
```

```text
<type>(<scope>): <subject>
<BLANK LINE>
<body>
<BLANK LINE>
<footer>
```

> such that each PR commit message consists of a `header`, a `body` and a `footer`, all separated by blank lines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Such as each PR commit message consists of a `header`, a `body` and a `footer`, each separated by blank lines.
```

The header of a PR commit message has a special format that includes a `type`, a `scope` and a `subject`. The type indicates
the nature of the change. Commonly used types include:

- `feat`: for a new feature.
- `fix`: for a bug fix.
- `docs`: documentation changes.
- `style`: for code style changes (formatting, indentation, etc.).
- `refactor`: code changes that neither fix a bug nor add a feature.
- `perf`: for performance improvements.
- `test`: adding or modifying tests.
- `chore`: maintenance or organizational tasks.
- `build`: changes that affect the build system or external dependencies (example scopes: gulp, broccoli, npm)

Hereafter, two examples of a conventional pull request commits:

```text
docs(changelog): update changelog to beta.5
```

and:

```text
fix(release): need to depend on latest rxjs and zone.js

The version in our package.json gets copied to the one we publish, and users need the latest of these.
```

> In addition, both `fix` and `feat` types of the header have the following effects:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, the `fix` and `feat` header types have the following effects:
```
